{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Vue
\b0 \
\
Vue.js is a JavaScript framework, launched in 2013, which perfectly fits for creating highly adaptable user interfaces and sophisticated Single-page applications.\
\
Resources\
\pard\tx560\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://medium.com/@TechMagic/reactjs-vs-angular5-vs-vue-js-what-to-choose-in-2018-b91e028fa91d"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 https://medium.com/@TechMagic/reactjs-vs-angular5-vs-vue-js-what-to-choose-in-2018-b91e028fa91d}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/comparison.html"}}{\fldrslt https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/comparison.html}}\
\pard\tx560\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://medium.com/fundbox-engineering/react-vs-vue-vs-angular-163f1ae7be56"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 https://medium.com/fundbox-engineering/react-vs-vue-vs-angular-163f1ae7be56}}\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Companies that use Vue.js: Xiaomi, Alibaba, WizzAir, EuroNews, Grammarly, Gitlab and Laracasts, Adobe, Behance, Codeship, Reuters.\
\

\b EdEHR requirements
\b0 :  
\i (quotes from above sources in italics)
\i0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li720\fi-720\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Flexible:  Yes\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Easy to learn: Yes 
\i \cf2 fast ramp up
\i0 \cf2 \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Documentation: 
\i \cf2  Detailed documentation. Vue.js has very circumstantial documentation which can fasten learning curve for developers and save a lot of time to develop an app using only the basic knowledge of HTML and JavaScript.  
\i0 \cf2 Yet another source says:  
\i \cf2 Lack of full English documentation. This leads to a partial complexity on some stages of development, nevertheless, more and more materials are being translated into English.
\i0 \cf2 \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Supports single page applications.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Code Style: \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Single File Components:  
\i \cf2 Vue.js can be used for both building single-page applications and more difficult web interfaces of apps. The main thing is that smaller interactive parts can be easily integrated into the existing infrastructure with no negative effect on the entire system.
\i0 \cf2 \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}License: open\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Performance:  
\i \cf2 Tiny size. Vue.js can weight around 20KB keeping its speed and flexibility that allows reaching much better performance in comparison to other frameworks.
\i0 \cf2 \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Tooling: 
\i \cf2 Awesome integration.  
\i0 \cf2 Another source says:  
\i \cf2 Fewer plugins and tools available, smaller community.
\i0 \cf2 \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Routing: 
\i \cf2 Vue\'92s core modules (Vuex, Router, etc.) are built-in and work fantastic.
\i0 \cf2 \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}State management: yes\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}API: yes\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Mobile:  Vue Native and Capacitor are solutions to produce mobile targeted apps\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Community:  Growing\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Maturity: 
\i \cf2 Vue.js still has a pretty small market share in comparison with React or Angular, which means that knowledge sharing in this framework is still in the beginning phase.
\i0 \cf2 \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Support: Smaller \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Hiring Talent:  growing but not easy at this time\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Future: how are updates handled?\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li720\fi-720\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\i \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Large scaling. Vue.js can help to develop pretty large reusable templates that can be made with no extra time allocated for that according to its simple structure.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Better promotes Full-Stack culture; allows cross-product development.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Not being React, devs don\'92t gain experience with the most popular framework today.}