{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red251\green0\blue7;\red255\green252\blue128;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c98700\c50000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 LMS - Canvas
\b0 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 October
\b0 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://bccampus.ca/2013/12/18/canvas-is-coming-to-an-sfu-campus-near-you/"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 https://bccampus.ca/2013/12/18/canvas-is-coming-to-an-sfu-campus-near-you/}}\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 December 18, 2013\
Next month, Simon Fraser University will complete its switch to Canvas\'97a new learning management system (LMS) used as a stand-alone platform by only one other post-secondary institution in Canada.\
\'85\
While Canvas is an open source, easy-to-use, cloud-native LMS, the university will host Canvas locally; that is, on servers physically located at SFU.\
\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m75VRa_1r2Y"}}{\fldrslt 
\i0 \cf0 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m75VRa_1r2Y}}
\i0 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.proprofs.com/c/lms/exclusive-learning-management-system-best-practices/"}}{\fldrslt http://www.proprofs.com/c/lms/exclusive-learning-management-system-best-practices/}}\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 LTI\
ComPAIR\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ctlt.ubc.ca/about/contact-us/teaching-learning-technologies/"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 https://ctlt.ubc.ca/about/contact-us/teaching-learning-technologies/}}\
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://lthub.ubc.ca/guides/compair/"}}{\fldrslt https://lthub.ubc.ca/guides/compair/}}\
Exceprt:\
\
Faculty and staff at UBC can most easily get started with ComPAIR by using Canvas. Through Canvas, you can set up a course in ComPAIR that will automatically be populated with your class list. The setup process is guided and only takes a few minutes.\
\
Use ComPAIR in your Canvas course:\
\
Add a ComPAIR link to your Canvas course's sidebar OR in a specific course module. You can follow the instructions below or contact the LT Hub for assistance with this step.\
To add a link in the course's sidebar: Go to Settings in your Canvas course. Select the Navigation tab. Scroll down until you find ComPAIR. Click the gear, and select Enable.\
To add a link in a course module: Go to Modules in your Canvas course. Press the "Add item" button on a specific module. Select External Tool from the drop-down menu. Select ComPAIR and then add the item.\
After the course link is set up in Canvas, click on the link to create your ComPAIR course. (This step is required to properly link your Canvas and ComPAIR courses together.) If you are a completely new user in ComPAIR, you will first be prompted to create an account and then a course.\
Note that because of how Canvas currently works, students also MUST follow the ComPAIR link from your Canvas course to initially register in your ComPAIR course. They cannot go to the ComPAIR website directly and try to log in there first; this will result in being denied access to ComPAIR and/or your ComPAIR course.\
\
If you do not want to use Canvas to set up ComPAIR, you are welcome to log in to the application directly at compair.elearning.ubc.ca. From there, you can add a course and populate it manually using the "Import Users" option found on the "Manage Users" screen inside the course. Note that importing users requires some knowledge of how to download and edit a CSV file of your course's students and means you will need to manage the class list manually (i.e., updating when students add or drop).\
\
Linking directly to a ComPAIR assignment via LTI\
Once you have set up a ComPAIR course and assignments, you can link directly to ComPAIR assignments from Canvas. This is useful if you want to send students to specific assignments from specific modules of your Canvas course and/or you want to enable automatic grade pass-back from ComPAIR assignments to Canvas.\
\
To create an assignment link in Canvas:\
\
Go to ComPAIR and edit the assignment you want to link to.\
Click the "Copy?" link at the top right of the edit assignment screen. This will copy the information you need to enter in Canvas.\
Now switch to Canvas and add an assignment, with a submission type of external tool and ComPAIR selected as the external tool.\
At the end of the "External Tool URL" field, type a question mark (?), then paste the value you copied from ComPAIR. This will mean the "External Tool URL" will ultimately something look like this: compair.elearning.ubc.ca/api/lti/auth?assignment=* * * * * * * * \
Select "Load This Tool In A New Tab".\
Save the assignment. When students click on the assignment in Canvas, it will take them directly to the assignment in ComPAIR.\
Note that to pass participation grades automatically from ComPAIR to Canvas for a given assignment, every student will need to click this Canvas link to the ComPAIR assignment once. Clicking the link opens up the Canvas-ComPAIR connection for that student's grade.\
-=-=-=-= End Excerpt -=-=-=-=}