{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 LTI Consumer and Provider
\b0 	\
The EdEHR requirements include a large number of features that are common to learning management systems (LMS). Systems such as Moodle, Canvas, and Blackboard to mention just three of dozens. It makes sense for this project to consider using a LMS to provide the basic learning management functionality. For example, managing personal information about students and teachers; courses; class lists; grades; etc.\
The way to use an LMS as the \'93front end\'94 is via Learning Tools Interoperability or LTI.  LTI is managed by IMS Global.  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.imsglobal.org/activity/learning-tools-interoperability"}}{\fldrslt https://www.imsglobal.org/activity/learning-tools-interoperability}}\
\

\b Terms
\b0 \
TP or Tool Provider is the courseware. If EdEHR adopts LTI then it will be a provider. \
TC or Tool Consumer is the LMS\
Tool Proxy (will not use TP for this) is the link between a TC and TP. See LTI 2.0 below.\
\

\b LTI versions
\b0 \
LTI 1.0 and 1.1 provide basic connection between the TC and TP\
LTI 2.0 allows a TC and TP to establish a trust relationship by sharing information with each other.  This TC/TP relationship is required for Moodle to create a system wide global link to a TP.  This is called a \'93External Tool\'94 in Moodle.  It is called a Tool Proxy in LTI.   IMS says that LTI 2.0 is obsolete although it is supported by many LMS and is the method commonly used to establish this TC/TP Tool Proxy. \
LTI 1.3 is the newest form of the spec and was created to deal with security issues that could not be implemented in LTI 2.0.\
LTI Advantage appears to be a layer on top of LTI 1.3 that provides links to other IMS/LTI specs such as Deep Linking, Names and Roles Provisioning, Assignment and Grades, etc.\
\

\b System wide External Tool in Moodle
\b0 \
When a TP is configured in the site administration section it becomes available to anyone who manages courses or assignment creations.  An instructor can easily add a new activity to any course and select the preconfigured external tool.  The alternative, without the system wide configuration, requires the instructor to know the exact url to use to reach the correct content inside the tool provider. Plus, know the special key and secret password. Plus how to set up any special variables that may be needed by the tool provider.\
Essentially, it\'92s important to be able to support site wide external tools.  \
At this time it seems that LTI 2.0 is needed to support this.  Thus it seems important to implement LTI 2.0.  But,  IMS says LTI 2.0 is obsolete because of security concerns. Perhaps LTI 1.3 or LTI Advantage can replace this functionality?  \
\

\b Availability of sample systems or plugins\

\b0 To answer the question about LTI 1.3 its important to also look at the availablity of plug and play code.  One goal of using LTI to reach any LMS is to reduce development time for EdEHR. After all why wouldn\'92t we want to leverage the full power of a LMS. And not only that but be able to switch to any LMS that may suit the educational institution.   In the context of reducing development time we need to find \'93off the shelf\'94 tools that can provide the LTI functionality.   It\'92s not difficult to find sample code for LTI 1.0.  The code for this spec is not that large which makes sense because it basically has one API end point.  \
There is only one sample that supports LTI 2.0, 1.3, Advantage and it\'92s from Blackboard. \
\

\b Blackboard BBDN-LTI-Tool-Provider-Node
\b0 \
See {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://devhub.io/repos/blackboard-BBDN-LTI-Tool-Provider-Node"}}{\fldrslt https://devhub.io/repos/blackboard-BBDN-LTI-Tool-Provider-Node}}\
This project is maintained, occaisionally, by two or three BB employees. Its goal is to be a demonstration of various IMS intitiatives including: Content Item Messaging,  LTI Advantage Messaging, Caliper, Deeplink, Names and Roles, LTI membership and more.  This is not a piece of code that can be assimilated into another project easily. It is not designed to be a plugin. There are two ways EdEHR can use this code. One, we could use the code as the base of our application. The second approach is to rework the code into a plugin and contribute this effort back to the open source community.\
Option two is not in scope for this project and is not any where close to one of the deliverables. \
Option one is has risks. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li720\fi-720\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}What are the security risks of using LTI 2.0? (Tool Proxy)\
{\listtext	2.	}From the code it\'92s not clear that tool proxy can be provided by the LTI 1.3 code.\
{\listtext	3.	}Before extracting code from a large code base it\'92s important to know how that code base works. This is a risk of time taken to stand up a system with this code base and try it out.\
{\listtext	4.	}Extracting code from a large code base then introduces the risk of \'93did you bring over everything you need?\'94 and \'93did you bring over stuff that you don\'92t need yet don\'92t understand\'94.  \
{\listtext	5.	}Who will monitory the original project\'92s code base to see if future development/bug fixes need to be brought back to the EdEHR project.\
{\listtext	6.	}How many of the IMS initiatives are desired? \
\pard\tx560\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\b Assessment\

\b0 LTI with LMS offers some real advantages.  \
LTI specification spagetti is confusing and we lack expertise to navigate the best approach as 2019 approaches.\
Going with just LTI 1.0 means the course instructors have a more difficult time setting up their assignments.\
Going with LTI 2.0 fixes this but introduces security risks that we don\'92t understand along with the development risks mentioned above.\
\

\b Recommendation\

\b0 For EdEHR prototype go with LTI 1.0 only.\
 \
\
\
}