{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \'93Pros of Python\
1. Ease of Use\
Python has a concise and expressive syntax that helps think more clearly when writing programs and makes it easier for others to maintain and enhance your applications. Also, being dynamically typed and flexible, Python allows writing a code that is less verbose but more modular and extensible. Python\'92s readability facilitates the coordination of teams working on large projects and helps concentrate on completing real tasks rather than scaffolding and tweaking your code base. Python is also quite easy to learn, which allows experienced developers to quickly jump into your Python projects and bring their experience in other programming languages to the table.\
\
2. Fast Development\
Thanks to clean, concise and simple syntax, developing in Python is much faster than in Java or C. Although it\'92s always difficult to provide an accurate assessment of the development speed, most experts agree that developing a Python application is about 5 to 10 times faster than developing the same application in Java. The time savings are even greater if compared to C and C++. The speed advantages substantially outweigh performance downsides of Python that originate from its interpreted nature and dynamic typing. Due to the language\'92s extremely stable architecture, the availability of web development frameworks (e.g Django) and third-party modules, applications developed in Python are no less reliable than those written in any other framework.\
\
3. Rich Standard Library and Ecosystem\
The rich standard/native library for server-side development is one of the main strengths of Python in comparison to Node.js. If you look at the standard library that comes with Javascript, it\'92s relatively minimal. To include the advanced functionality for the management of file system or memory in Node.js, you need to use Node package manager (npm), which leads to the extra work of selecting and checking the installed modules and packages. In Python, however, many useful functions come natively. For example, Python supports deleting a directory, creating temp files, argument parsing, unit testing, logging, printf format strings and many more by default. If Python\'92s standard library lacks the functionality you need, similarly to Node.js, Python has a developed ecosystem of modules to choose from.\
\
Python Cons\
1. Absence from Mobile Computing and Browsers\
Python is supported on many server and desktop platforms but is not well-supported in mobile computing and browsers. This implies that developing a web application with Python will require at least two different languages in your stack. This can complicate interaction between the front-end and back-end teams and increase maintenance and debugging time and costs. Node.js, which uses Javascript for both front-end and back-end, is free from this limitation.\
\
2. Lack of Support for DSLs (Domain-specific Languages)\
Javascript allows developers to use transpiler tools like Babel and Domain-specific Languages (DSL) to experiment with and/or create a new syntax that optimises UI development and makes it faster. The Python community does not have an equivalent mechanism for experimenting with DSLs, which makes it more difficult to express UI code in Python compared to Javascript and Node.js.\
\
Use Cases\
Our brief overview demonstrates that neither Node nor Python is perfect. If so, how to make the right decision about which one to use? The answer is straightforward: both environments are good for different types of apps and tasks.\
\
The event-driven architecture of Node.js, which allows multiple server requests and concurrent operations, is very good for chats and collaborative apps for video conferencing, document editing or drawing, collectively known as Real-Time Applications (RTAs). Node\'92s power in handling heavy I/O operations and shuffling of data between the front end and the back end also makes it a great choice for Single Page Applications (SPAs), which involve heavy client-side processing and rendering. Similarly, whenever performance and scalability of web applications are of concern, the lightweight and fast Node.js outperforms Python.\
\
At the same time, you should opt for Python if you are building CPU-intensive applications. The thing is that Node\'92s single-threaded design is not suitable for CPU intensive operations with graphics and data. Making heavy computations in these types of tasks may simply block all incoming requests, leading to the slower performance of your web application.\
\
Also, you should definitely choose Python when the speed of development is critical. With its rich standard library and modules available out of the box, Python is very powerful in Rapid Application Development (RAD). With Python, you don\'92t need to search for many utility modules and packages for your application. Instead, you can immediately proceed with the design of a fully functional prototype, which could be supplemented with other features later. Python\'92s simple and concise syntax makes writing code very fast too.\
\
Finally, many experts cite Python\'92s expressiveness and ease of use, along with its vibrant community, as one of the main reasons to use the language in the Internet of Things projects. On top of that, Python is the language of choice for one of the most popular micro-controllers for IoT devices in the market, the Raspberry Pi. Since much of the training literature for IoT and Raspberry Pi is written in Python, it\'92s natural to use this language for IoT programming.\
\
Summary\
When choosing between Python and Node.js, you should definitely consider the speed of development, the need for scalability, and your application\'92s type. If your requirement is fast development of CPU-heavy applications or the development of IoT back-end, go for Python. Conversely, choose Node.js if you are thinking about RTAs, SPAs, and other I/O heavy solutions. Hopefully, this overview will help you make the right choice of your web development environment for the next project.\'94\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.netguru.co/blog/node.js-vs-python-comparison-which-solution-to-choose-for-your-next-project"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 https://www.netguru.co/blog/node.js-vs-python-comparison-which-solution-to-choose-for-your-next-project}}}