{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red252\green123\blue47;\red255\green252\blue128;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c56046\c23672;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c98700\c50000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Relational vs non-relational databases (
\b0 RDMS  vs NoSQL)
\b \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 WIP
\b0 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Before deciding on which database system to use (MySQL, MariaDB, PostgreSQL, MongoDB) we ought to select the type of database system to use.  As you will see, the clear answer for EdEHR is to select MongoDB with Mongoose.\
\
Relational SQL databases (RDMS) store data in tables (like a spreadsheet) and the relationships are made by storing a piece of data in one table to say \'91go look in row X of this other table\'92.  RDMS are the dominant database system, for sure.  They are the better option for applications that require multi-row transactions - such as an accounting system - or for legacy systems that were built for a relational structure. \
\
Non-relational databases (NoSQL), like MongoDB, are better for prototyping and rapid development because they organize data into JSON documents. JSON is a format that is easy for humans to read and easy for machines to use.  JSON documents are flexible, unlike a RDMSwhere the table columns are fixed in size and type.  With MongoDB and JSON new fields can be added at any time so it can store unstructured data such as user logs, real-time analytics, content management systems, sessions, images, videos, chats and also data from IoT devices.\
\
It is possible to add structure (schema) to a MongoDB system by using a layer like Mongoose. Yet during early development it\'92s good to take advantage of the dynamic schema because it gives you flexibility to change your data schema without modifying any of your existing data.\
\
MongoDB License: GNU Affero General Public License, version 3.\
\
Manageability: MongoDB doesn\'92t require a specialized database administrator. Since it is fairly user-friendly in this way, it can be used by both developers and administrators.\
\
Speed: It\'92s high-performing for simple queries.\
\
Scalability: It is difficult to increase the size of a RDMS because of the table structure. It\'92s just plain hard to split the table across many servers.  NoSQL databases are easily split so they are the preferred choice for large or every changing data sets.
\i \

\i0 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 Flexibility- Firstly, the document structure is more in line with how developers code in their respective programming languages which is clear and structured in key-value pairs. This makes it easier to add and edit data/documents at any time. In a relational database, this would involve the database having to be restructured\
\
Supports a wide range of queries \'96 fields, expressions, range queries, JavaScript functions and more\
\
Faster turnaround time-because related data which would be stored across several tables in a MySQL database are stored in the same document in a MongoDB\
\
No strict schemas followed-you are allowed to create a document first before defining the structure of the document, making it very helpful for businesses who in a start-up phase who are unsure of what their database structure should look like\
\
Like we mentioned, MongoDB\'92s features make it better suited to those who handle huge volumes of data
\i0 \

\i \
Many today consider RDMS to be unable to meet the expectations from today\'92s data-intensive applications.  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://blog.resellerclub.com/mongodb-vs-mysql-comparison/"}}{\fldrslt https://blog.resellerclub.com/mongodb-vs-mysql-comparison/}}
\i0 \
}